Add M2M Oauth to Databricks Driver (#51476)
metabase/metabase: docs/databases/connections/databricks.md

## Host

Your database's IP address, or its domain name (e.g., `xxxxxxxxxx.cloud.databricks.com` or `adb-xxxxx.azuredatabricks.net`). This is the value of your Databrick's compute resource's Server Hostname.

See [Compute settings for the Databricks JDBC Driver](https://docs.databricks.com/en/integrations/jdbc/compute.html).

## HTTP path

> This is the Databrick's compute resources HTTP Path value. Often a SQL warehouse endpoint in the format `/sql/1.0/endpoints/abcdef1234567890`.
> Read [Connect to a SQL warehouse](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/sql-warehouse/index.html) article from Databricks for more information on how to create and connect to a SQL Warehouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Databrick's compute resources HTTP Path value. This value is often a SQL warehouse endpoint in the format `/sql/1.0/endpoints/abcdef1234567890`. See [Connect to a SQL warehouse](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/sql-warehouse/index.html).
```

Additionally, see [Compute settings for the Databricks JDBC Driver](https://docs.databricks.com/en/integrations/jdbc/compute.html).

> ## Authentication
> There are two ways to authenticate with Databricks on Metabase. You can use a personal access token (PAT) or a service principal using OAuth (OAuth M2M).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication

There are two ways to authenticate with Databricks. You can use a personal access token (PAT) or a service principal using OAuth (OAuth M2M).
```

The Databricks driver supports both options. Use the toggle to select the authentication method you want to use.

### Personal access token authentication
See [Personal Access Token (PAT)](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth/pat.html).

> ### Authenticate access with a service principal using OAuth (OAuth M2M)
> See [Authenticate access with a service principal using OAuth](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth/oauth-m2m.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate access with a service principal using OAuth (OAuth M2M)

See [Authenticate access with a service principal using OAuth](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth/oauth-m2m.html).
```
